readme update (#16)
logzio/docker-collector-logs: README.md

docker-collector-logs ships logs only.
If you want to ship metrics to Logz.io, see [docker-collector-metrics](https://github.com/logzio/docker-collector-metrics).

> **Note:** Upgrading to a newer version of an already running docker-collector-logs will re-send logs that are within the `ignoreOlder` period of time. Consider setting the `ignoreOlder` parameter of the new docker to lower than it's default value (for example, `20m`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Upgrading to a newer version of a docker-collector-logs while it is already running will cause it to resend logs that are within the `ignoreOlder` timeframe. You can minimize log duplicates by setting the `ignoreOlder` parameter of the new docker to a lower value (for example, `20m`.
```
